Rounded tempos (for Live)

Note - the following applies to version 7.0.10 of Ableton Live and
earlier versions. Version 7.0.12 changed the behaviour of the
application in this area, but it also introduced other issues. At the
time of writing, if you want to use Live synced to Augustus Loop via
MIDI you’re recommended to use version 7.0.10.  

Essentially this is a workaround for a limitation in Ableton Live, in
that Live reports rounded tempo values to hosted plug-ins when
externally synced by MIDI clock. For example, if Live receives clocks
at a tempo of 114.6bpm, it will tell its hosted plug-ins that the
tempo is 115bpm. Why it does this remains something of a mystery.

This is a problem if you are using multiple instances of Augustus Loop
in a Live song, with one AL set to generate MIDI clock, Live synced to
that clock, and the other ALs set to 'Host Tempo' mode. When you use
Tap Record to record your loop in the master AL, the other ALs will be
given a slightly wrong tempo by Live and the loops will be out of
sync.  

Turning on 'rounded tempo' in AL solves this problem by only ever
generating MIDI clock at rounded values. The downside is that the loop
length will not be quite what you wanted, but it may be good enough,
depending largely on your musical style and whether you record the
ﬁrst loop 'silent' simply to set the tempo.  

With this mode turned on, when you use Tap Record the loop end will be
slightly later than when you tap to close the loop. E.g. if you record
a loop that would have a tempo of 122.3bpm, AL actually keeps
recording until the loop length matches a tempo of 122bpm.
